we prefer if everyone went vegan for the
right reasons like he was originally
talking about with the environment with
world hunger and all these things that
originally made sense we prefer if
people were internet but people want
into that they're into their insular
areas they're into money and they're
into hoes and again I'm not trying to be
misogynistic when I say that it's a sort
of tongue-in-cheek way of saying a girl
who's glamorized herself and put herself
on camera in skimpy dress and to be an
icon of jealousy for other girls and for
for men I am very confident of my body
and probably the most confident I've
ever been in my whole life right now and
so I feel like I do really have a lot of
tips that could benefit you guys so of
course number one is nutrition and you
guys already know what I'm gonna suggest
a vegan plant-based diet my diet is
almost all fruits vegetables whole
grains a little bit of nuts a little bit
of seeds beans lentils that kind of
thing definitely will speed up your
metabolism like my metabolism is like
[ __ ] lightning and one of the best
perks of having a fast metabolism is
having a flat stomach I'm just using
sort of Raptor Malawi here because I'm
thinking of a a rap music video where
you've got a Ferrari and you've got a
girl dancing on the Ferrari or something
you've got people chucking money about
flaunting those elements is a well good
because people like to watch TV they
like to sort of as escapism look at
these sort of people on the TV and on
YouTube who have got the money who have
got the [ __ ] and we've got the
froggies as ask a pigeon but what is
better than looking at someone else with
that what is better of course is having
it yourself
so then banana boy was like all right I
have got the hoes because and the money
and you can have that as well and all
you need to do to have that as well is
do what I've done which is start a vegan
YouTube channel but if you want a
Ferrari you're going to get all the
money you want by having a beat
YouTube channel and you're gonna get all
the girls definitely because all the
girl is going to be interested in you if
you've got the YouTube channel and a lot
of people will then like well okay well
I would a bit of this action I went in
on the action so I'm gonna start YouTube
channel so you just lay on the ground
bend one knee straighten the other leg
[Music]
[Applause]
but for a brief period is very stucked
into people
the line between activist and athlete
was blurred and the notion that the the
great secret I mean the the great
catalyst for social change in this
planet is happiness is you is your
personal happiness that all you have to
do is share with the world how happy and
how healthy you are that's a powerful
delusion that appeals to people at all
ages people who feel powerless I think
there are sixteen year olds who are
still in high school who saw that and it
called out to them they thought that's
me that's what I can do I can put on a
bikini I can tell people that I've cured
my acne or cured Crohn's disease or cure
diabetes or cured schizophrenia through
this diet I can come on and make these
testimonials I can talk about my
personal transformation how five minutes
ago I was a hippie who had no self
confidence and was shy and now I'm an
athlete with this very confrontational
attitude this type of because if this is
part of it right was this transformation
that made powerless people feel powerful
and it linked their totally subjective
sense of health and happiness to saving
the planet a lot of people in there for
the right reasons I was in there for the
altruistic reasons of the the
environment that the third world hunger
the the animals these of core ground
altruistic reasons why someone should be
vegan I was in it for those reasons but
there was a lot of people coming on
board and starting vegan YouTube
channels for the wrong reasons yes
vanity yes wanting to be beautiful yes
that's something that drew people in but
as much as we might talk about it I
think now in looking back and writing
history the wonder that was freely in
the auto for a phenomenon I think we
forget that even though that got
people's attention it's easy to forget
that these other factors that I've just
enumerated were what kept people inside
well what made this something that had
political and even spiritual
ramifications that
people believed this wasn't just about
their vanity this wasn't just about
having great abdominal muscles or a
great figure that this was about saving
the planet and on some level I wish I
could say that that spirit that
enthusiasm could be recaptured could be
saved could be channeled into a more
positive a more political more pragmatic
a more genuinely helpful and even dare I
say a more nutritious form of veganism
but I don't think you can that we saw
started in that golden era of Ferraris
and money and making viral videos and
stuff a lot of those channels have
stopped the people who originally were
in it for those three those three
mainstream reasons and they never got
they had never actually obtained the
money the hose and the Ferraris then
they saw that the original person who
was talking about all that stuff
bananaboy is now lost relevance he's not
got a Ferrari he's probably not got that
much money anymore and he actually lost
his home if you go element the car
element and the money element the
illusions sort of broke down and then he
lost the relevance and he was like okay
all the sort of like their the the
glamour of the originals or thing that
was prior had vanished these people
weren't in it before the ethics from the
environment for the truth right they
were in it for selfish reasons to sell
out because they didn't give a [ __ ] all
along they just wanted to sell out so a
few girls have come forward about this
aisel character I wish to be unnamed so
far but they gave me some interesting
links and they're one of these girls has
had two and writer I hate you but you're
honest about this guy he is a scumbag
sleazebag and what you did to protect
that sixteen-year-old girl that was
worthwhile that was justified and you
the viewer you decide whether or not you
want this creep hanging around Chiang
Mai this creep through to chiang mai
just to cause havoc
just the cause havoc contacted
sixteen-year-old girl contacted like
hundreds of my Facebook friends and Wadi
all sorts of [ __ ] about me anyway this
dude is psychotic and vegan blaze really
really after reading the stuff man
really big lost respect for you bro and
you were just continually back this guy
despite evidence are percent forth here
now Aizen is not his real birth name he
claims it's his real name aisel from I
was told this aisel character he got his
name microRNA dr. evil he got his name
drunk one night ripping for the pages of
Hamlet and he says he only picked the
first few words and the first word that
came up was aisel aisel word for vinegar
look at that
I saw his vinegar know what a disguise a
sour [ __ ] that's what I hate
video just sure if I cover some
criticisms let's never do ask our
haven't had a toddler it had a tumblr
called vegan Mind Tricks vegan mind
tricks what a sinister manipulative
title that is legal mind tricks and he
got someone new about how rich he was
because his parents would get to the
sake his parents emoted me of multi
multi millionaires and they might roll
all his studies in Cambodia and Laos and
stuff so it's not this what poor monk
its but he's asking for money and
patreon and he claimed he couldn't get
money from YouTube if you got married in
China and then so he couldn't upload
videos in China but only since he got to
China but build web his speech smashing
out the content miraculously this is a
guy who could be photoshopped pretty
well as if you don't know how to use the
[ __ ] Internet in China this is a guy
whose travel to China this is a guy
whose parents have an office in China
this is a guy whose parents bankroll his
privileged permanent vacation lifestyle
this is a guy who lost user where
permanent location Chiang Mai's [ __ ] why
did you come to Chennai in June that's
right only to cause havoc and why do you
never address the fact you did contact
me at 16 year old girl out of the blue
and please explain what contacted
hundreds literally hundreds of
in my community just talkin all sorts of
[ __ ] up to creepy [ __ ] and I asking you
for help
you just dyin in there oh no let's get
to us and this is it just looks creepy
he looks creepy doesn't he
I love his right eye was [ __ ] right in
a new earth he also threatened to bash
me in Chiangmai at mail and more one
night before all the drama went down
just verbally did it so when I saw his
name come up in the radar I was like
this this guy okay so and he just
manipulated the whole situation he did a
pretty good job
vegan mind tricks I rest my case
that's his message eyes eyes eyes all
vegan mind tricks a real nasty piece of
work anyway this is share my comments
and criticisms not hating just saying
this either guy is a dad and his parents
are multi Multi multi millionaires let's
get to that and he was kicked out
allegedly by his estranged wife because
she felt unsafe in the marriage
allegedly for when I hear on the media
etc so this is a guy who's creeping
around with teenage girls while he's got
a kid at home and he's bright world wise
multi-millionaire parents and he claims
me a pauper this is more cultural
resources this is his parents company
now remember how eyes'll says failure to
my patreon is in China you care about
videos they even have an office in China
in China so our our friend eyes or dr.
evil is [ __ ] minted they have an
office in India and this is life this is
a Venusian the Americas this is not like
in the whole boat truck in New York this
is in like Manhattan man this is big
money they're not when I'm young
Australian Toronto if it wasn't be were
state money here
his parents are those against that I
hate video just show me Commerce and
criticisms let's have a look at the team
his parents are Gary and Barry now eyes
was not his birth name he changed it
because he didn't want to be known how
much his parents were and he wouldn't be
this like poor [ __ ] amongst you and
apparently she's not apparently he
definitely wanted to be a Hamlet like a
theatre sort of pop
and he was like no matter he was pretty
[ __ ] and he a bit dismayed about that
but he loved it so much he got drunk and
named himself after a page of Hamlet a
word and he was so drunk he didn't
realized that either means vinegar so
this is once our Wellness our individual
and I was definitely justified in
calling the sexual predator feeling
because he was last seen these girls and
it's only one thing that the 38-yard
bars doing with their contacts in
sixteen-year-old girls an internet in my
opinion that's just my experience so
I'll react
I would rather overreact and terms of
threatening of violence he started that
first and he's about a hundred kilos of
fat heavier than me so it's not all
exactly I'm picking on a little a little
bit just what would you call so I could
pick it under some elite marathon a
subtle that we got like a fat overweight
drunkard who came to Thailand to start
banter I must said beef this guy is not
a [ __ ] vegan he just seems to be
trolling it's so hard anyway that's my
comments and curses and I hate and just
sound and also ways where did the six
nine thousand dollars go why did you ask
for six thousand dollars wanted big bags
support that Richard are sensor question
where's the money going back in Thailand
no one's content and it's been almost
three months
you said upon arrest of Robert Straley
arrested after the next round no worries
you sort of rather than South Australia
rested when that's Australia and the
roads are parallel entirely arrested
patent our own and their worries so
where's the money
sheriff's receipts hash tag where the
six thousand dollars go and why did you
file legal action gets vegan Ava because
of what she said was true
so showed us the money show us receipts
digging gays you're a misogynist and I
know that you do your homework and you
spend ten hours making a video you do he
can't declare big no it's here bro and
if you don't make a video about this
then that's just that's really really
really disgusting and disappointing that
you'd support someone like this who has
no positive intention to being community
other than her ass and cyberbully women
young women
essence light it scrapes on man it
scrapes on and vegan veins you need to
do a video explaining your support this
guy now this is not me just being a
hater or whatever this is legit this is
legit my question to you Richard is your
just what happened to you me and this
this eyes of God a vinegar man you're
you're like being exposed every day for
who you are but obviously though some
haters will be there I generally use
Photoshop all this whole video I'll put
the links down below you can click on
the links yourself and reader
lesser-known comments below where's the
money where's the receipts what do you
think of a 30 al creep who's ditched his
single mother of his child opposed to me
loving father and he's spending time on
internet trolling teenage women and her
last Sameach reading blogs discharging
one below in the blog just to her last
sin he's made to be a caring doting
father but his wife allegedly had to
ditch him because of their fear
domestic violence or whatever I also you
need to be clear what's going on you
need to show us the record you need to
show us what's happening but you won't
because you're lying in my opinion so
this is what we're contending with
people we're contending with sellout
sellout scummy people who were never in
it for the animals and they don't give a
[ __ ] don't care about the animals I
don't care about animals getting to stab
to death and a Holocaust and millions of
innocent beings being horrific Lee stabs
death and tortured three times I don't
care about that [ __ ] all of that I want
my money
my hoes my car's my Ferraris if I'm not
getting that and I don't give a [ __ ]
about the environment or anything
[ __ ] veganism and that's what we're
getting right now and that's what we're
seeing
[Music]